{OK, I'm not full screen. How
about now? Yes, thank you. Cool.
So the first item, which
continuing on is a complex
scene. Please describe what you
see and what is happening
between three and five minutes.
This is really complex. So.}
#START_exhibit-12 So as I look
at this, I'm glad it has a
title.
Great Portrait exhibition, so
I'm looking at a multi storied
building. At least three stories
that I can see.
And Umm.
Maybe more because at the very
top on the left there are.
Uh, it looks like scaffoldings
that are coming from above, so
that would indicate it might be
a taller building.
We're seeing a cutaway of the
building in.
3 levels with balconies where
people can go.
Look down into the first floor.
But since it's called the Great
Portrait Exhibition, these
people are at an exhibition and
there is so much activity. We
have portraits on the walls, we
have portraits being carried up
and down the stairs. We have
portraits being painted on the
1st floor and maybe in on the
2nd floor we have.
Uh, portraits in frames that are
small or large, depending upon,
I guess, what they were.
The the size of the portrait
itself, whether it was half of
the body, whole body, just the
face.
So that that's very interesting
to see. And the shapes of the
frames are.
Um, extremely varied. Some of
them have 3 portraits in one
frame, some.
Some are arched and there are
triangles and rectangles, and
some with fancy edges. There's a
heart shape.
Very, very much a variety.
Over on the very left there is
someone up on a ladder.
Pasting a large portrait like
it's a piece of wallpaper.
And that's that appears to be
the largest portraits that
that's there.
There are children, people of
all nationalities.
Um, people coming into this
building
From all kinds of places.
Apparently there are some in
business dress, some in like
costume, like a clown costume.
There are people coming
apparently from the beach and
they're on the left hand side
and then if you go up up the
stairs and it's all an open
staircase. So this place is just
crammed with people.
Every floor is crammed. Every
space is crammed. Every sitting
place is crammed. People are
sitting next to the stairs on
the floor.
And um.
As as I look at all of the
different things that are
happening, one of the things on
the 2nd floor that I was going
to start with is that there are
two tall ladders, and.
They're actually using the
description of the page when I
said exhibit 12, the Great
Portrait exhibition, as a wall
hanging. And so those people
aren't even paying attention to
portraits. There are people up
and down the ladder putting up
this big wall hanging that tells
about the portrait exhibit and
the people from the from the top
that are in a.
Scaffolding are also a part of
putting that together, so that's
kind of odd. And.
#END_exhibit-12 And then as we
look over to, it's the middle of
that second floor, then you have
the stairs that are open also
going up to the third floor. And
it looks like there's a
scaffolding right at the top of
that that people are climbing up
and down. It doesn't make.
{OK.
Alright, so.
Different ones, OK.}
{Slightly less busy.
Um.}
#START_campsite OK, so this is
um.
I'm I'm reading the postcard so
I know.
I know what I'm.
Supposed to be looking at, but
this is not real helpful.
So this is.
A country scene and it looks,
it's southern, in fact it says
north of the South Pole and all
of this. So I don't know where
he is, but he's in a southern
place because a lot of people
don't have shirts on. And then
there's also a river where there
are mermaids and people on a
houseboat. And so obviously
there's an opportunity to swim
and.
To get into into the water, I
don't see any swimmers. Ohh no,
no swimmers. Yeah, shark fin and
a a duck and other ducks or
birds and the mermaids, but it's
some sort of waterway canal.
Along the sides everything's
very green and lush and bordered
with bushes, but the bushes
actually.
Are um, containments for the
most part. So they're separating
off areas. And I say
containments because it's like a
corral for a couple of bulls
over on the left or a couple of
animals. I don't think you put 2
bulls in one place.
Again, there's the people are
dressed in all kinds of things
and there's a lot of children.
There are some in some in
costume, even the adults. I
think I see a Santa Claus and a
Viking and you know things that
are not a normal way of dress.
So that's all on one side. There
are tents in another area and
it's.
Bordered by the bushes. But it
also is open onto the canal. And
there's it looks like a park, a
camping park, State Park,
something like that, where
people would be cooking and
putting up tents and one tent
is, fell down and they're in
various stages of putting them
up. All kinds of tents, big ones
and small ones and pup tents and
one that looks like a tipi
And.
Then over to the right past
that, there's a walkway and I
see a hiker on a walk on the
walkway. It looks like someone
with a Golf Club, so there's
obviously other things that they
can do than just being right
here. So across the canal and
there is a bridge, an arched
bridge that goes across the
canal.
And there is um.
It's an RV park.
I don't see vehicles that have
pulled those RV's, but most of
them are pulled behinds and not
the ones that you would drive.
So somewhere they must have a
parking lot. But at any rate
that also is a contained area
and people are living in there
as well as in the tents across
the way. So you've got people
inside and outside of their
RV's, you.
Have them eating and preparing
to go places and.
They have some animals with
them, so that is another area
where they can stay. There are
sidewalks all around that and
actually all around each of
these contained areas and people
are fill filling the sidewalks
going from one place to another.
Over a behind the RV park,
there's another walkway, and
beyond that there are just
fields and they still have the
same shrubs and trees around
them, but there's nothing in
them. So it's likely that it's
some farmland that's been
portioned off. One of them does
have a a bull in it because two
people are running from it.
#END_campsite And you know,
there's things going on there,
but a lot of it's just farmland
and it pretty much goes as far
as the eye can see. {So good,
OK, good.}
{OK, so we're going on to the
different type of stimuli. We
have a graphic novel here around
11 pages, and we're aiming for
between 10 and 15 minutes for
this story.}
{For 15 minutes I have to clean
my glasses. OK.}
{It's like, yeah, this is not a
real strain, but a little bit.}
{Those little things especially.
Yeah, alrighty. Alright.}
#START_flowerman OK, well this
is dark.
Yeah, yeah. OK. So double page
spread here. And so if we're
looking at this as the beginning
of a story.
It's definitely night time. The
things that I see right away are
where the lights are. So there's
an arched bridge with street
lights and a person crossing the
bridge and the person has a hat
and coat on. It looks like
there's a little animal next to
them.
They're heading toward the town,
but behind them on the other
side of the bridge.
You can see that a car has been
driven or fell into the water.
The water is what the bridge is
crossing and it's all very dark,
so you don't see much about the
water, just shadows. And you see
this Gray car down at the bottom
and it is on the it is tipped
into the Bank of this waterway.
Um.
Yeah, that person could be
coming from the car or they
could just be noticing things,
but they are definitely heading
toward the town now, on the left
side and in the background you
see purple skies. So there's
it's either that time of night
where the skies would still have
some purple in it, or we'll find
out why they're doing that in
the town starting from left to
right.
Uh, looks like there's a
carnival. And so on the left you
have a circus kind of tent and a
Ferris wheel. None of it is lit
up.
But you do have it there. And
then there's a gas station with
the word gas over it. Some
buildings that are a couple of
stories high, looks like a
church in the background moving
to the right there is a a bar
and it says bar. And then over
to the right again there's a
truck that is parked in front of
the bait shop and the bait shop
has a second or maybe 1/3.
Story as well. So someone
probably lives above it, and
then as you keep on going and
it's still dark, nothing appears
to be open.
And it looks like there's a
couple of people in the shadows
that are, it looks like they're
just walking and it's kind of a
cobblestone street
OK, we still see this person
walking and everything still
dark, but it appears now that we
really are at a sunset time
because in the background
there's just a little piece of
sunset kind of left. So this
person has walked into the town.
I don't see anything that we saw
in the other picture, so they're
past that.
It looks like they're walking
past and I can't read it from
here, but some sort of gym
because up at the top it looks
like people might be boxing, but
I don't know, I could be wrong.
This person is at the street
light and uh, looks like it's
going to turn to their their
right, and immediately on the
right is a a tall house with a
big entry door. Past that,
there's a couple of people that
look like they might just be
neighbors. He's in a.
a sleeveless undershirt, and
they're just standing there, but
you can see their faces. And
then if you, if we're looking
straight ahead of the person
that's walking, there's another
street light that's illuminating
a little bit of the street. And
you can see activity in the in
the houses, you can see that
there's people in the houses,
there's a statue in the middle.
Of this. Uh.
It's probably an intersection.
It might be a like a roundabout,
but there's a statue of someone
on a horse, looks like they're
brandishing a a sword of some
sort. And the only thing that's
really lit up by the street
light is.
Part of the intersection and a
person in a car that's driving
toward where the person is
standing and walking.
So if we're back to where the
person is and where they're
facing, it's a building that has
people in it, but it's very dark
and you can hardly see anything.
There is a cafe and a man
standing under the cafe sign,
which is right next to the
street light and.
It looks like there's apartments
up above because there's a
number of people in it. It
doesn't look like they're just
dining
Alright, so now I guess this
person is approaching the place
where they expected to go. Umm,
there's nothing else familiar.
So they are continuing into the
town to get to the house they
want to go to. On the left,
there's some sort of building
with advertisements on it. Even
though it looks like someone is
living in it, it might be an
apartment building.
Three stories. The House that
this person is approaching and
and and I guess I'm going to say
that it's a man now I see it
more clearly blue hat and like a
gold colored suit and I still
see a little animal down by him
probably a dog and he's walking
up toward this house that has a
like a circular drive and or
semi circular and the house is 3
stories and there's someone or
the lights are on and the top.
Two-story, actually. There's a
little attic space too. There's
light up there and there's a
light in the third story, but
the doors closed and you can't
see very much in through
windows, but there's curtains
next door to that. There's a
fire hydrant that looks like a
picnic table outside the next
house. It has a curved stairway
going up into it and it's two
stories and there are people on
the second story, but I don't
see anyone on the first story
that.
house has striped awnings and
then the next house on the block
and that'll finish off. The
block has someone in the second
story and someone walking into
the into the house looks like
maybe carrying a carrying a bag
of something.
So there's people.
Actually, there's people in both
the upper levels.
As we go back right to, well,
not, not back anywhere, but
behind that house, so on the
other side of the street, the of
the block of these three houses,
it looks like there's a little
fountain and there's.
A couple of people there at the
fountain. One looks like a child
and all the streets are
cobblestone. If you go past this
block to the right, there are a
couple of men standing under an
awning at the next building and
then another house with people
in it. So it's not a time that
people are out and about. Looks
like they're only going into
places.
Or or waiting for people, but
it's not a busy street
Oh well, this is lighter. This
is daytime. So, so looks like
it's just the night is finished.
People were home and now they're
coming out for the day. There's
a lot of people in the street
here. The even though the most
of the picture is done in shades
of black and white and Gray.
The main house that this man
lives in is quite colorful. It
has blue shutters. It has.
Flowers up at the top.
On the set by the second story
and the sky is blue with clouds
and so it just shows that
there's a lot of activity now
and you can see what people are
doing and setting up for their
day or their jobs. Looks like
there's someone who might be.
Like a milkman? It's hard to
tell. It's a couple people in
cars, someone in a wheelchair
with a cast.
A mother and child and still
people up in the upper parts of
the houses, but they're more
active. And then over on the
right side there are people
sitting on the stoop, neighbors
visiting and.
Yeah, coming in and out of the
houses. {That's it.
Alright.}
Same scene.
All black and white, except even
more color on this man's house.
But we the man is out in the
yard now, and he might be. I
can't tell if he's standing or
if he's doing something with
flowers, but the house has a
purple roof on the on the bottom
that might be just his house is
only one story, and you've got
more light. You can see that it
might be an apartment building
behind him.
But his is just a 1 a 2 story
house. There's dormers in the
purple roof, so green grass now
is showing. And the flowers that
I thought were on the second
story are probably actually a
tree that is all orange and
oranges and yellows and whites,
so it looks different when you
have more light. The sky is no
longer showing as blue, but it's
obviously daytime there.
We now have a little girl at the
house next door to the man who
is in full color. She's the only
other thing in full color than
what I've already described.
Other than that people are going
about their day.
Ooh. It's becoming more
colorful, so more and more color
is happening. The blue sky and
the clouds are back. Umm, I'm
going to start at the left side.
We've got the little girl is
there now at the door of the
building. The fire hydrant is in
red. The sign on the the the
advertisement on the side of the
building.
is colorful the people up in the
second and third floor colorful.
The roof is colored.
And then as we go toward the
man's house, his house looks the
same, but now he has someone
that he's talking to. It looks
like a school.
Schoolgirl and a little boy in
front of him. And then there's
another elderly neighbor.
Or older neighbor at his drive
as well, with a younger person
next to him and there's a looks
like a little girl out in the
street in front of his house.
Um, the apartment building
behind him has a little color
now, but basically it's the same
action and there's color coming
to the houses to the right of
him.
Little bits of color where the
bricks are beginning to look red
and the awnings are beginning to
look blue and white, and then
the next house.
It's quite colorful. And there's
an artist on the 2nd floor. He
was in the other picture too. In
front of those two houses is a
move moving van. Yeah, movers,
yes, a moving van. And they are
actually moving the people out
of the house in the middle and
they're bringing things up into
the moving van. There's still
someone over at the fountain. It
looks like a young person. And
then.
To the right, there is a lady in
in the street looking on and a
couple of people in the
background. One is walking and
there's a little more color
coming into those other
buildings. It's interesting the
way that they've made this part
color.
Here's the next one. I'm going
to say everything's colorful.
Yes, at first glance, even the
streets are not just Gray
cobblestones. They have bits of
color in them and that is, you
know, the day is in full swing
and you can you can tell that.
And so it's like the dawning of
the day brings more color.
So there's lots of people in the
streets now doing various
things. The milkman is there. We
can see that he's a milkman now
because there's a milk truck
behind him underneath the tree
by the man's house. There's
people everywhere, even up on
the roof of the house where
people were moving from. And it
must be an apartment, because
some of the people that were
there before are still there.
The moving van is gone. There's
now a red car over by the
fountain and.
The artist.
Has art out on the street now on
easels
And he's still painting up in
his upstairs, but there's
someone down there looks like
he'd be selling the artwork.
That's about it. That's
different. It's just that
everything is so much more
colorful. It actually makes it
look cheerful.
Well.
It's getting darker.
So.
The colours are more intense,
but the sky has some purple in
it now and.
People are.
They're they're more settled
into what they're doing. There's
a couple over on the left that
looks like they might be on a
date. There's.
There's a man. It might be our
man. I can't tell for sure. I
don't remember him having a
mustache, walking like he's
heading home. The milk truck is
still there, so maybe they live
near there. There is on the
House on the very left way up at
the top there's an old man and
two children, and the old man is
pointing toward the sky and the
boy has a telescope. And so I
would assume from from that
that.
They're looking at something in
the night sky, maybe the early
planets.
Um.
I think everything else just
looks like it's a bit settling.
There are a lot of.
Children in the streets? There's
a little cart. Looks like
they're selling.
Flowers and.
Other than that.
Um, just a lot of people there.
They're interacting, but it
doesn't look like it did before,
like they were heading out to
work. It looks like they're just
settled or doing something for
the evening.
OK.
Well, and here we are at night
time again.
The sky is very much of a
sunset.
Things are fading into shadows
and there are just fewer people
on the street. We're no longer
by the man's house. We are back
to the scene where there's an
intersection and a fountain with
a statue in it and the house
that he passed before. He's
walking under that same street
light in the other direction
from what he was doing before
and.
But the houses are still
colorful.
And the cafe is open.
That you just see that, um, it's
quieting down and getting
darker.
So
Sky is purple.
All the buildings are black and
white.
And the only colorful item other
than the sky is the man.
Who he does have a mustache is
the man who's been walking
around.
And um.
The person, well, he's walking
up toward the house, and the
person looking out the window at
him looks a bit surprised to see
him and the other. So, so does
someone from the second story.
And it appears that everyone is
looking at him from what I can
see, which is something brand
new.
There might be one person who's
not looking at him, but in all
the houses up and down the
street, they're watching him.
It did look like he had
something in his hand or
something. Yeah, something in
his hand, but I couldn't tell
what it was. And now we see him
walking away from that house.
It's a close up, so we don't see
very much. We see that it's
still black and white except for
the man.
The little bit of sky that we
see, the girl that he apparently
gave something to and she's very
excited and it's a flower.
And then looking out of the
house is the man is the man that
was in the house before, but now
his bow tie is red and he has a
red flower in his hand. So this
man that is the main character
in this story.
#END_flowerman Has made this
little girl very happy. {Yeah.
OK, so that was the story,
yeah.}
{That was about 20 minutes. So
yeah, yeah.}
{Alright, Yep.
Let's do another complex scene.
This is not a complex scene.
This is part of the book graphic
novel. It is, yes.}
{OK, how many do we have here?
Do you know this is about 6
pages or six? OK, yeah.}
#START_arrival-6 OK, we have a
sepia tone story here that has a
lot of pictures on a double page
spread.
So.
At the top we see a pot and then
there is a little.
Insect type. I'll call it an
insect flying onto that pot. It
could be a bird, it could be a I
don't know what. It could be
like a praying mantis or
something. And it it has a stick
in its beak and it's putting the
stick into the pot.
Umm.
So the next thing is that we're.
Looking at. Oh, let me say that
the pot is on a table by a
window. OK, so next thing we see
is.
A man with a with pen and ink
getting ready to write on a
piece of paper. It's night time,
whereas the other one appeared
to be daytime because there was
light in this window and now
there's a light.
Well, maybe the light wasn't in
the window. Maybe that was just
a close up and it's the light
from his lamp. Yeah, maybe so.
OK, so this man is sitting in.
A-frame. Like he's at a window
and the pot is in front of him
outside that frame. And he
begins to write and we see him
writing. There's some money on
the table, and then he.
The next scene he is folding up
the paper that he's written on
and he's making origami out of
it like a bird. So he gets that
made. You still see the the
money and the ink pot.
And now he's putting this
origami bird into an envelope,
putting the money in the
envelope as well, licking the
envelope and putting a stamp on
it. Then you see him at the top
of the next page, going to going
down the stairs. He's dressed,
he put his jacket on and he has
this, his pet next to him. It's
this odd looking pet.
Before. Alright, so this little
pet is walking with him and he
stops and talks to probably a
neighbor who's carrying a basket
with probably a cat in it and.
Um, it she's pointing to
something for him, so he
probably has asked where.
Where the mailbox is and so she
goes to this mailbox which is
not like I've seen before and he
goes to his mailbox and he reads
the directions or the time but
it looks like directions as to
what to do and he puts the
letter in the slot with his left
hand, but his right hand has
this lever so he is had to do
something.
Make the slot open and so he
finishes with that. He looks up
and we see that what he's looked
at is the mailbox has a like a
hot air balloon on top of it and
it's floating up into the air
and you now see the bigger
scene. The man is walking with
his pet through looks like
countryside, but the trees are
only shaped like.
A single standing up leaf, and
there's a bunch of them.
Now we have a close up of one of
those trees that looks like a
leaf, and it's splitting in 2
keeps splitting further.
{Now this looks like I'm
supposed to go all the way
across, doesn't it? It does, and
you don't have to. Yeah, I
didn't see that before, so I
don't know.}
so we the whole top shows this
leaf opening or splitting in
two, separating and a little.
Strand of.
Well, it's probably some sort of
bud coming up. It just looks
like a little thread at first
and then it gets taller and you
see a little dot at the top and
then you see the next one where
it has a little bud and the
leaves are are disintegrating.
When you get to the next line,
you see the leaves disintegrate
and die and the flower becomes
more and more and more obvious.
You see petals.
On it and then you see looks
like.
Petals
Flying off of it like they're
just blowing in the wind and and
it just keeps on going and then
the the flower looks different
because it's lost all these
little white.
Parts that have flown away and
now it's dark with rounded
edges. It just keeps
transforming, so we're seeing
this whole.
Path of what the flower does as
it grows and probably dies. And
so it's now it's all brown. And
then there's other animal
animals, insects that are flying
around it and it looks like they
might be coming to that flower
and laying eggs. That's how it
looks to me. And so there's
these little egg.
Looking things on this flower
area now and the next one shows
that the egg looking things are
falling on the ground and either
other insects are eating them.
So maybe it's a fruit, I don't
know. Or or maybe those things
are coming out of the the little
eggs. I don't know, it's hard to
tell, but it ends up that
there's no more white.
Things on the flower, the
flowers, black, it gets darker,
it begins to change and lose its
blackness. And it it's left with
like a web of of.
Um.
Wow, that's hard to describe.
Like a web where the black just
keeps disintegrating and it
turns into like a transparent
skeleton of the flower and very
much at the end like a shape of
what we say in Florida as a sand
dollar.
Yeah, but I see snow and the
snow is coming and it's covering
up the flower, which again
looked like a tree to begin with
and and it is covering it up. So
it's the whole stem or or.
Trunk of it is now covered with
snow.
Well, this is interesting. I
don't have any idea how this
fits in.
Except that there's snow. {Yes.
Good. Yes.}
OK, so here we are in a city.
Um.
I would say there's snow all
over the city and I don't see a
lot of activity, but I see big
buildings and.
If you read the story that we
were on the other day, you might
recognize some of these
buildings, yes, because they're
the same kind and little
waterways that aren't really
functioning as waterways. So
we're in this city and it's all
of these unique shaped
buildings, round ones and pots
on the tops of buildings and
windows.
All over the one big building
and a smokestacks and a couple
well in a lot of them.
And one building that's tall
like a rounded tipi
Umm.
{Let's it. Let's see where we're
going, all right?}
Well, maybe this man lives in
one of those buildings, yes.
Because right now, we're back to
see this man.
And so now we're seeing that
this pot.
That we saw first of all is
really outside his window and
the frame we saw before was a
window. And so we're looking at
the pot and this.
What I had thought was an insect
or a bird before is obviously a
bird, and when it had brought
the the.
Piece of straw or whatever to
the pot. It was building a nest
and now there's little birds
peeping out of the nest and the
big bird came to feed them.
There's three of them in there,
so.
Then we see this man looking at
a picture of a family. He's
sitting on his bed inside the
room. We're looking from inside
the room out. We see the pot
outside. We see laundry hanging.
We see that he's in his house or
his room. There are letters on a
bulletin board on the left, and
his desk is in front of him. His
shoes are on the floor and he's.
Just sitting there on his bed
looking at this picture of the
family. His desk is in front of
him with that that gas lamp that
was there.
On the next page we see his pet.
Ohh, the pet is sleeping next to
him on the bed.
That we focus on the pet and the
pet gets up and the pet jumps
off and the man wonders where
it's going. And so the pet, the
man still has the picture in his
hand, but he's watching the pet
and the pet goes down a like a
trap door that has a ladder
coming up.
And the man, the next thing we
see is that the man goes down
that ladder and the pet is has
heard something and he's heard
that mail was delivered. And so
he's standing there next to the
piece of mail. The man picks up
the piece of mail, opens it, and
he sees the origami bird and he
opens up the letter and is happy
and he looks out his window.
These must just be snapshots of
what we saw.
we have an origami bird.
We have.
Um, I I would have said that was
a fire pit. Maybe it's some sort
of little stove. We see the
man's hat and.
I can't tell if it's a shirt or
a towel. Next to him we see his
strange looking food and fork.
We see other drawings of strange
flying machines that we've seen
in the previous story, and we
see something that I don't know
what it is, but it's some sort
of utensil.
Um, we see his.
A hot drink on a newspaper. The
picture of the family and the
man paying.
Someone with a coin. It looks
like a younger person.
Sure is a lot to digest. Yes. So
the first thing we see on the
left is a happy family at
dinner. The pet is still there.
Umm.
We see now that that last
picture.
Was a close up of this picture
where the man is putting. Must
be a coin because I saw that
before in this girl's hand. So
it is a younger person and you
see the coffee cup behind him.
And we're beginning to see some
of the other things that looked
like they were a part of
something else, but it was
basically an introduction to the
next part of the story. And so
all of those things, I think all
of those things that we saw are
in this picture. So it's a happy
family scene. And then over on
the the.
Right side we see the girl
putting on her boots. Um looks
like she's taking the dog. The
dog the pet with their can't
tell what that is. The pet is
handing her or has in his mouth
the girl's hat. So she puts her
hat on and goes outside into the
city, down the stair stairs it's
it's stairs. In the city the
walkway is stairs.
And she's going with him to um.
To find something, because she's
rushing and then she's there's
little things on the ground and
she's pointing at them. The next
thing you see is that she has
like a light, a ball of light.
#END_arrival-6 Coming from her
hand or she's reaching for it,
and I can't tell if those little
things on the ground turned into
that or not. We'll find out. {I
guess we're good.}
{Alright, go for another 25
minutes.
Alright, so this one is a
complex scene and just describe
what you see and take between
three and five minutes.}
#START_picture_this This is.
A compilation on the whole page
of all of the framed portraits.
It looks like the framed
portraits that we saw at the
exhibition, I recognize a bunch
of them, but maybe not all,
because the great big, huge one
is not there. And you know, I'm
not going to be looking for
anything particular, but I I
know that I saw a couple of a
bunch of these. So here we are
with a bunch of framed
portraits, and I'm going to have
to really stretch myself.
Say what these are.
Most of these portraits are in.
Rectangular frames, in fact,
maybe all of them. And that's a
big difference. They are all
sorts of portraits of people
doing different things,
including, well, there's an
animal doing nothing. But for
the most part it's people. Some
are dressed in outrageous
outfits, some are.
Just posing. Some are in
business clothes, some are with
groups, and there are a lot of
animals. There are a lot of
animals as well, sometimes just
portraits, sometimes because
they're odd looking, several are
very odd looking, and some with
people or just like a snapshot
of something that they are that
they.
Thought they wanted to remember
that that they did, but most of
them are not in pretty places. A
lot of times when you take a
portrait, you put them in pretty
places. I see one with a palm
tree, but it doesn't look like
it's it's there to be pretty. I
see someone that looks like a
chef, but it's not the pretty
part of being a chef. So it's
very odd to see these.
Um, they're very active and a
lot of portraits are not active,
so this is like they wanted to
focus on what had happened.
I only see one. I think that is,
um, like a it's a black and
white.
I see one that's.
Like a it's totally white on a
blue background. You can't even
see that there's a person. You
just see a shape. It's like an
outline. It's like a silhouette
that's reversed.
But this is a hard hard one to
describe because, um.
Everyone's unique.
And they don't have any
particular, they're just a
conglomeration. But it's
interesting that there is a
bird.
Flying to the left like it's
flying out of this mess of
pictures. And then there's a.
It almost looked like a caveman
at first, but it doesn't appear
to be. It appears to be someone
like in a bathing suit.
#END_picture_this Over on the
bottom right, walking away from
this as well. So you know, maybe
these are a little more alive
than how they appear. This man's
walking out of it and the birds
flying away.
{All right. Well, we will do the
next one.
You guys are picking some crazy
things, yeah.}
#START_deep_sea_diver Alright,
here we are. Where's Waldo again
And this is the deep sea diver,
so this is actually pretty cool.
Well, it's cool because it's a
cutaway section of water and
like the sea and what people do
above the sea when they're
fishing and trying to get
something from under the sea.
And then 2/3 of the picture is
under the sea and you're seeing
life under the sea. You've got
divers down there. You have
well.
Mermaids down there.
I guess most of the rest have to
be divers if they're not
mermaids, fishermen with Spears.
Spear guns and.
Lots of fishing lines from the
boats, what they're trying to
do. So the boats are all above
and there's a whole lot of them
and it looks like there are a
few.
Big Rocks coming out of this.
Waterway where they are, and one
of the rocks has a whole bunch
of mermaids on it and the other
rocks have people fishing off of
them. I only see one mermaid
rock. Most of the boats are
little rowboat fishing boats.
Maybe they have a little motor
on the back, but they're not
fancy. They're all striped and
different colors.
And most of them have more than
one person in them. And this
goes back, goes pretty far back.
Except I see a ship way in the
background, but this must be the
fishing area.
One of them has a sail and maybe
that's what that what I said was
a ship is in the back. It's just
a rowboat with a a sale on it
and I don't see any but that one
and the one way far in the
background but underneath what a
crazy world and and you know
that is probably so true. It's
like looking into an aquarium
and.
There's an octopus down at the
bottom and couple different
kinds of coral and this great
big scary looking flatfish.
There's treasures and seaweed.
And old things and clams.
Uh, what do you call those
jellyfish?
And fish of all kinds. There's a
saw. Fish. Oh, there's a little.
Looks like ohh gosh like a
Captain Nemo kind of underwater.
Capsule over on the left and
mostly you're seeing a lot of
people under the water, which is
really crazy because there would
never be that many people under
the water in one place and there
is a big fish.
That is very camouflaged to look
like it's part of everything.
And it's eating something that
was already on somebody's line.
There are.
Arrows that appear to be made
of.
Fish either. Little fish. Yeah,
they are. And then there's a
clown face made of little fish,
little red fish, and you can see
eyes in a different color for
the nose. Very interesting. Like
they want this to be something
that they do under the water.
Other than that, it's just you
see little schools of fish and
fish of all colors. I guess
that's the biggest thing.
Everything is brightly colored
from yellows and Reds and pinks
and Blues and.
#END_deep_sea_divers Purples.
{Because.
Alright, so different one. OK
time.}
#START_by_the_lake By the lake,
all right.
Now as I read this little thing,
this is kind of silly. It says.
The lake is a perfect place for
Penguins to lay back and relax
in the sunshine. Well I would
never think of that. So now it's
going to make me look for
Penguins. And I don't know if
there are Penguins, but here's
what we have a beautiful
lakeside scene. It's quite
contained. We can see almost ohh
gosh.
we can see a long ways, but we
see the end of the lake and like
around Cove and then where the
lake would head out it, it's
further away. So there are
magnificent homes along this
lake, but the part where where
that we see closest to us is the
beach part. So the lake itself
has a lot of homes on it. There
are other boats.
Way out on the lake.
There are para sailors and
there's one that's really big, I
don't know what ohh windsurfers.
So the parasailor is the multi
colored one and the windsurfers
are out by the sailboats. And
there are water skiers in a very
tall pyramid, a whole bunch of
them. There's a Viking looking
boat that has rollers on it, so
it's probably a crew team.
There's a kayaker.
Um, someone on on a stand up
paddle board? Um.
Big floats, little floats, inner
tubes.
People are out there doing, oh,
and a jet ski. People are out
there doing all kinds of things.
And a paddle boat where two
people are sitting in it and
they just, they just bicycle
with their feet.
So it's, um, yeah, a couple of
little catamarans.
Of course, they all really
wouldn't be in this small space,
but it's it's makes a good
picture. Yes. So then on the
shore you've got to the right
side by a more of a lodge
looking place. You have what is
probably a family that has been
barbecuing or eating outside.
Somebody has a spatula in his
hand and there's a table there.
And then people.
Are on a big rock watching
what's going on. There's some
kids on bicycles.
Doing um, acrobatics and then as
you get closer to the beach you
just see little groups of
people, families and people out
on a dock. Fishing from a dock,
there's a swan in the
background. That's pretty
interesting.
Um, you get closer to the beach
and you see sandcastles being
built by a whole group of
people. You see a little tidal
pool where the smaller kids can
be playing safely. You see
umbrellas and people under them
having picnics and doing various
things with their food. And and
there's a big trash can. There's
somebody playing.
With a truck on the water, I
mean on the sand and shovels,
there's someone on a people
mover. That's interesting.
Somebody's got a kite, uh, maybe
even a couple of kites, and
going all the way around toward
the left. There's just more and
more people. There's a boat on
the beach and lots, lots of
people. It's not very relaxing
by this lake. There's a lot of
people, they're playing
volleyball over on the left, and
there is somebody trying to sun
over on the very far left and
sitting in a chair just watching
it.
{All.
Yeah, already got it. Yes, good.
OK, this will be the final one.
It's about 20 pages. You will
find it to look a little
familiar. OK, tell the story as
we go on.}
{Ohh.
All right.
So.}
#START_quest We've seen these
two before.
And um, but it looks like this
is the beginning of another
story about them. So this is.
All in sepia tones except for
the children. And these are the
children that had the crayons.
Excuse me. The girl had the red
crayon and the boy had the
purple crayon and their bicycle
with the purple and red wheels
as there is there and they are
under an arched bridge with big
statues around it and a park
bench. It it does appear that
it's a park. There are statues
on both sides, park benches on
both sides, and street lights
on.
Both sides, so they are
underneath, next to a fancy door
and under a spotlight.
And he was just
reaching to feel the rain. I
think it's raining. Go ahead.
So out of that fancy door comes
a king looking person and he and
he actually startles the kids
may have knocked them over and
the purple bird is flying up
above.
The kids. And he hands them what
looks like a map.
So on the right side we have
those 3 little diagrams again
that are just the drawings and
you see the king has given the
map to the boy and is pointing
in the direction that they
should go. The Purple bird is on
the boy's shoulder and the girl
is talking is watching the king
or getting up I guess.
So then the next one in the
middle, those guards are pulling
the king, pulling them back in,
and he has an orange crayon in
his hand. I didn't see that
before, but he has an orange
crayon in his hand and it flies
out of his hand and they pull
him back in and the kids back
away and the birds still flying
up above in the first picture.
And then the guards bring the
king right back into that
doorway and the.
Orange crayon had fallen out of
his hand and it's on the ground
and the girl and the boy both
see it, and the bird is on the
boy's shoulder.
So now the girl picks up the
orange crayon and puts it in her
belt that is across her
shoulders diagonally. The doors
are closed and you can't see the
king anymore. The boy looks at
his purple crayon and I guess
they're thinking what to do
next. He has the map rolled up.
In his hand the bird is on his
shoulder. And as we go to the
next page, where there are those
three drawings, again with no
background, and the bird is
flying and the children are
drawing, she is drawing up in
the air with her red crayon and
he is drawing on the ground with
his purple crayon. And then they
the next thing you can see that
what they've each drawn is a key
and the birds.
On the ground, looking up at
them. And so they put their
keys, one in each side of the
door and the door opens and
they're all going in, the birds
flying over them.
OK.
Well, I see the children in
there, but I don't see where
they came from. So they
apparently went to where they
could see the king and they
they're sitting at underneath a
waterfall.
Ohh.
No, maybe they came in through
that rock that looks like a a
An animal. So that may be where
the door went, but they're
sitting over there now
underneath a waterfall, and the
birds with them and they're
watching and this is all in
color now. They're watching as
this big boat with guards on it
takes the king in the direction
opposite of them. It's a paddle
boat and we're in that big city
like we've seen before, and
they're flying machines up in
the air. They're actually the
ones that look like.
blimps
So the boat is disappearing.
Everything's in color.
And they.
Wow.
Um, they are trying to decide
what to do with this. Yeah, OK,
I'm going to say that it looks
like they're stepping on fire.
That's a little strange, but
there are, there are fires up in
the upper part of the picture
coming from various places, so I
don't know if it's a reflection
or what. They don't appear to be
concerned about that, so it's
probably not bothering them. The
bird is looking down toward
that.
So.
The next thing is a close up of
the map and you see like a
rainbow around it. And every and
there's six circles, and the map
has the whole background is the
map, and the circles have a
close up of things that are on
the map, and they're all in
colors of the rainbow.
Going around.
So now the girl has no the boy
has the map in his hand, the
bird is flying, and we see boats
that look like Viking boats
coming down the river of kind of
in the direction they're they're
going into the direction where
the king had gone. I don't know
if they're still going to
follow, but.
It looks like they've been
setting these things on fire.
That's how it looks to me. So
you have the next page has the
three drawings again, and the
boy and girl are deciding what
they're going to draw, what they
need to do to make the next
thing they need. And so she
they're making flippers to to
swim with and probably some sort
of helmet.
That's what it looks like. And a
scuba helmet and a.
Um, a scuba tank and so the
bird.
Is that still the bird?
I don't know, it looks like he's
making a a monster for going
under the sea with that's what
it looks like because the birds
plumage, the bird is on his
shoulder and then but it's being
made with the purple crayon.
And yes, we have this underwater
strange looking.
Octopus, because it has
tentacles. So he was working on
that while she was working on
their scuba gear, and the bird
even has a scuba tank on. And so
we're now underwater with this
gorgeous scene, mostly in
purples, and they're heading
toward this pavilion, which is
one of the pictures that was on
the map pavilion is in gold. So
they get to the pavilion.
And there is a seashell on a
pedestal made of seahorses, and
there's coral all around, and
the bird is up above them.
Um, but the boy and girl go and
take something out of the center
of this seashell that's on a
pedestal. And the next picture,
the next page is a drawing
showing them holding on to the
tentacles of the purple octopus,
the boys looking at the map
again, and whatever they had
taken the girl is putting in her
belt. And there are some of
those guards that now have
flippers.
On and Spears in their hands,
and they are all.
Chasing them underwater and
though the front guard is the
one with the gold thing on his
head, I don't know why, but he's
obviously a captain or
something.
When the kids get out of the
water they are on what looks
like a lovely desert island.
There's mountains in the
background and they are now out
of the water and there's palm
trees all over that island and
the bird is flying above them.
So the next page is a drawing
again and you see the children
drawing.
A purple animal.
And the boy is drawing a purple
animal and she is drawing like a
blanket for them to sit on on
this animal.
OK, so now we see where they are
and they are on this island with
a big castle, kind of Aztec
castle on it, where it has lots
of layers in a pyramid and big
stairs going up it and they're
on a pathway.
Going very fast on a purple
rhinoceros who's throwing up the
dust behind him, and they're
sitting in a red canopy.
Heading toward that, uh, the
next page shows. Uh.
Broader view of where they are
and you see out into the water
and there is a an even larger
I'll call it an Aztec temple
with the same shape but it's got
a a taller tower on it that it
is turning gold and that tower
has hanging ropes to a higher
part of the.
Mountain Island and it looks
like it was a rope.
A bridge that is no longer able
to be transversed.
Yeah, now we have a close up of
this raggedy.
Raggedy bridge. But the base of
it seems to be have enough
planks that the kids are going
from the the mountainside of the
desert island across to this
tower that I had just described
and the birds flying above them.
And there are many, many looks.
Well, looks like there's lots of
birds in the sky flying around,
but maybe it's just outlines of
clouds.
But that bridge is very raggedy
and I would it looks like some
of the planks are missing.
Hmm. Alright, now we see the
children on top of the tower.
On the very top of the tower,
it's like a little lighthouse,
and they're looking down at that
rickety bridge, and those guard
soldiers with Spears are now
running after them on this
bridge, which really is missing
a lot of planks, and the purple
bird is flying up above them and
so on the next.
page they're drawing, and the
boy is drawing big purple. Hmm,
kind of ellipses And the girl is
drawing something that's long
and rectangular.
In red.
Whoa.
Ohh OK so now we see what he was
drawing is a huge dragonfly
purple and those ellipses were
the wings of the dragonfly and
there are long red ropes that he
is carrying the dragonfly is
carrying that end up.
Holding up a swing that the
children are sitting on, and the
red rectangle that she was
drawing is the seat of the
swing. And so they're flying
through this through the air on
this swing that's attached to
this great purple dragonfly. And
they make it just in time to be
out of the reach of the guards
that have apparently reached the
top and are now have their hands
out trying to grab their.
Feet and in the background we
see mountains, but also way far.
These are snowy mountains, so
we're leaving a desert island
and heading to snowy mountains
right across the waterway.
And in the background are more
blimps coming with more people
in them.
Ohh alright so now we're on the
snowy mountain and we've landed
on the top of a tall. Well it
may not be tall, maybe it's just
a pedestal.
Place a pedestal for a Buddha
type statue to be on, and it has
lanterns hanging around it. It's
up high, but it looks like it's
on a mountain and it's not tall
itself. So the dragonfly drops
the children off there and the
blimps are getting closer. So
the girl in the next page, which
is a drawing, the girl pulls out
her belt and it has many colors
of crayons.
And it has actually. It has the
rainbow colors and at which go
along with the map. And so the
bird is getting ready to land
and they are both looking at the
new crayons and deciding what to
do.
So in the next picture, two of
the blimp flying machines are
near them, approaching them. The
one on the left has the guard
captain in the gold on it, and
the one on the right has the
gold cage. So they're trying to
capture the purple bird again,
which is how this all started.
On the right hand side,
on the right hand
side, we see another blimp and
coming to help and a couple more
in the background, but the
action is taking place with the
two that are by the children on
the pedestal.
Ah, OK, so so wow. These
children now have attached the
belt with the crayons with all
the colors of the rainbow on it
to the purple bird, and the
purple bird is flying away with
the belt of colored crayons.
And as he flies away, he creates
this big, beautiful rainbow. And
the captain of the guards is
very upset and it's very bright.
And all of these people are
falling off of their blimps.
Maybe it's powerful as well,
maybe it's blasting them. But
the children are not blasted,
they're still standing on the
pedestal.
Oh, and it's headed. The bird is
headed toward a castle.
Alright, so.
The Purple Bird has landed in
this castle area.
And by doing so, he's created a
total rainbow from the pedestal
far in the distance to this
castle city that has waterfalls
and waterways. And it has landed
on this boat.
That has the king on it with
people that look like tourists
that are very happy and the
guards are falling off into the
water.
So this might be the end of the
story.
It's a little hard to tell. We
see that the city is being lit
up by the rainbow. The children
have arrived with the purple
rhinoceros and the red canopy.
The king is now in a parade,
riding on a big, huge golden
cart on top. He is on top of the
purple rhinoceros on this cart.
Um, which has a boat front, and
the children are right behind
him on this purple rhinoceros
and all of his people are around
them. Looks like they're
protecting him and cheering him
on, and they are on a.
It's like a boat parade, and so
people are looking from the
turrets and the city is turning
rainbow colors and the purple
dragonfly is flying high in the
sky and it's a happy scene.
So then we see that the.
Vehicle, boat, kind of vehicle.
With the rhinoceros on, it has
come to a stopping place where
the king can come down steps and
he and the children are getting
off the rhinoceros and coming
down these steps to a rock and
we see the purple.
Dragonfly up in the air, the
rainbow up in the air. Pretty
flowers were around where the
waterfalls coming down on a big
rock on the left hand side and
we see the doorway underneath
the rock, the doorway that the
king had come out of. That's an
interesting shape and we see the
tentacle of the purple octopus.
Coming out of the water.
So then we see on the right hand
side a series of drawings.
And the king is actually drawing
in the first one. The children
are standing in front of the
fancy door. They have their
crayons in their hands. The
Purple bird is on the boy's
shoulder. And the king is
drawing now with his orange
crayon. And he made crowns for
both of the children, and he's
crowning them in the second
picture and the boys down on his
knee. And then in the third
picture, he's.
Letting them go back through the
doorway with their crowns on and
they're saying goodbye.
And as we.
See this what is appears to be
the last picture the children
have come out of that fancy
doorway. They're back under the
Archway Bridge that they were on
before. The Purple bird is with
them and they're facing.
#END_quest They're facing a new
the other side of the arched
bridge, and they see the rainbow
in the sky over a beautiful
city, and everything is green
and pretty there, even though it
was raining on the other side of
the bridge, OK.
{That's those are pretty those
are pretty cool fantastical
stories.}